all right guys what is going on in my
name is Toby emu live from the studio no
really I'm in a studio we're talking
about the main event possibly being
changed for WrestleMania 31 yes
originally Vince McMahon said there will
not be a triple threat it will be Roman
reigns versus Brock Lesnar he wasn't
gonna change his mind and rumors are
coming out today from pw insider saying
or f4 w am i sorry I should sort my
slices slices I can't even talk right
now because that's what uh so excited
about it apparently the Wrestling
Observer says the new idea for the
WrestleMania 31 main event is bryan vs
reigns versus Lesnar for the title
because a few weeks ago if you do
remember the officials would not be
putting Daniel Bryan into the match
itself but now plans possibly could have
changed now the reason that I this is
kind of a big deal is one I thought it
would have been better just to
completely keep Roman reigns in the main
event and maybe go heal or completely
take him out and possibly be cost the
match by Seth Rollins that way Seth
Rollins vs roman reigns could happen on
the pay-per-view for Wrestlemania Daniel
Bryan the hot guy right now because he's
ready to face you know Roman reigns I
mean either one of these guys aren't
going to be ready if Brock Lesnar
staying after this year because either
one of those guys would probably get
absolutely destroyed like Brian probably
would have it he not gotten injured
going into SummerSlam so the big thing
to pay attention to this one is whether
or not it will be a triple threat so now
if Vince did do this and Vince's pulses
on the fingers and realizes okay let's
put Daniel Bryan in the main event that
would be a way to have triple h and
company as far as the top up officials
go to let Daniel Bryan be in the main
event have the spot and then maybe you
have Roman reigns win or Brock doesn't
have to get pin that way Brock looks
strong Brock and leave and I think if
this is the chain that's being made it
it's possibly because they know whether
or not that he is coming back to the WWE
or not because if Brock is leaving a
triple threat would be a great way to do
it because one of those guys could get
pinned Brock could be out of the
situation Brock leaves rustle mania he
leaves WWE and he drops the belt without
looking week it could suplex these guys
16 times a piece go out there do their
thing
and then out of nowhere Daniel could
like roll Roman up or not a stupid
finish like that but something could
happen where one of these guys would get
the belt it would send Lesnar packing
and it's a good way to kind of protect
either one of these guys and then maybe
that saves Roman reigns versus Brock
Lesnar down the line where Brock makes a
triumphant return at WrestleMania 32 to
conquer Roman reigns the man he never
actually lost a belt to maybe they do
something like that so I want to know
you guys have sconce your feedback on
this would you want if Vince McMahon
goes this way do you want a triple
threat or you wanted the people that
think stupid bryan fans are costing
Roman reigns his opportunity do you want
a triple threat do you want to have a
one-on-one match if so what one-on-one
match would you rather see Bryan versus
Lesnar or Roman reigns versus Lesnar I
think either one of them are fine it all
depends on whether or not who's staying
post WrestleMania if leather stays I
don't really care who gets added to this
match because I think Lesnar should be
made and will be made to look strong at
WrestleMania so the booking will really
wouldn't have an effect on that either
one of these guys though I think would
be a suitable option I think Roman
reigns being you using Bryan against del
Roman reigns here to get him ready for
Brock is probably the best option they
had besides maybe a Johnson or beating
John Cena but then you have to have
Roman reigns beat John Cena and I don't
think people would want that to happen
so I want to know what you guys think
how would you do it what match do you
want i've seen some tweets and some
facebook matches of people saying that
stupid bryan fans are costing Roman
reigns everything I don't think so I
don't think they're costing them
everything I think the fans are just
voicing their opinion on what they want
and getting real excited Wow breaking
news here in the studio thanks to our
social media ambassador over here
Rikishi is going to be inducted into the
hall of fame tonight usos spoiling it
wow so breaking news in this video we'll
have a little a breaking news spoiler
part in this one where you know so there
it is guys make sure let me know in the
comment section below which one you want
which match at WrestleMania you would
prefer cuz either one I'm fine with but
if Lesnar does go in if Brock goes in if
wait if weather and Bronco in if one of
these guys
get added or taken away for the match I
think the big thing you want to keep in
mind is that why is their submission Oh
bud this is a mission match oh shit did
I screw this up huh yeah but there was
like a no it was like a circle button it
didn't make any sense me what the hell
oh shit Romans gonna do is oh my god
moment to it to Daniel Bryan he could do
this he does his huge spots at Fastlane
gets a put over he'll style there it is
it gets taken out huh I'm Daniel and so
I'm telling you yeah I'm Daniel Bryan
dude I have to hit that come back yes
yeah and then right there he could be
doing the yes thing and then Roman
reigns turns heel beats him and then
he's headed to the WrestleMania main
event I don't necessarily think they
need to switch it but I think this would
be an opportunity that I put him in the
right corner I put her in the wrong
corner I fucked it up just like Vince
McMahon fucked up at the Royal Rumble so
this all makes sense we're gonna lose
that come back unfortunately I didn't
put it on a submission match i'm pretty
sure i put it on a normal match I
would've remembered how do I put it on
at Wow Rowan's gotta drop you ever see
room and do a dropkick only one outside
the ring that's what happens just let
him tap this out here Roman reigns goes
over faces Anna WrestleMania guys let me
know in the comment section below until
next time we will see you all later oh
that Drake da wants you tell me the
Rikishi thing was like